# General Guidelines

## Overview

These documents details best practises and experiences gained when building for the web at Nodes, all web applications and sites built should take these into consideration.
It is an evolving document and should be reviewed when required to keep up with changes in technology and best practices.

## Contributing

Feel free to open a ticket if you would like to discuss any parts of these documents.

To add, or update the contents of the documents:

* Fork the repository on Git
* Add changes, or create the documents. Follow the [file structure and naming conventions](#file-structure) specified further down in this document
* Make sure your commit messages are well described.

## Indentation

For all languages, indent your code with tabs.  The default tab size should be set as 4.

### EditorConfig

EditorConfig helps developers define and maintain consistent coding styles between different editors and IDEs. The EditorConfig project consists of a file format for defining coding styles and a collection of text editor plugins that enable editors to read the file format and adhere to defined styles.

There are plugins for all common code editors and IDEs.

We use the following settings in our .editorconfig files:

```
root = true
[*]
indent_style = tab
indent_size = 4
end_of_line = lf
charset = utf-8
trim_trailing_whitespace = true
insert_final_newline = true

[*.md]
trim_trailing_whitespace = false
```

Read more, and get installation instructions here: [editorconfig.org](http://www.editorconfig.org)

## Readability vs Compression

We encourage readability over file-size when it comes to maintaining existing files. Plenty of white-space is encouraged, along with ASCII art, where appropriate. There is no need for any developer to purposefully compress HTML or CSS, nor obfuscate JavaScript.

We will use server-side or build processes to automatically minify, optimize and gzip all static client-side files, such as images, CSS and JavaScript.

## Browser Support

Unless specifically specified otherwise:

- Internet Explorer 9+
- Safari 5
- Firefox, Google Chrome, Opera - latest 2 versions.
